helm_deploy/README.md, before:

# Deployment Notes

## Configure ENV variables in CircleCI

In order to perform deploys through CircleCI, the following ENV variables must be configured:

__Common variables__

These are added in [Project Settings > Environment Variables](https://app.circleci.com/settings/project/github/ministryofjustice/hmpps-complexity-of-need/environment-variables)
and are common to any deploy environment (staging, preprod, production...)

1. `KUBE_ENV_API` with value `https://DF366E49809688A3B16EEC29707D8C09.gr7.eu-west-2.eks.amazonaws.com`
2. `KUBE_ENV_NAME` with value `DF366E49809688A3B16EEC29707D8C09.gr7.eu-west-2.eks.amazonaws.com`
3. `QUAYIO_USERNAME` (ask a team colleague if you don't have it)
4. `QUAYIO_PASSWORD` (ask a team colleague if you don't have it)

__Namespace-dependent variables__

A context needs to be created for each of the deployment envs (so one for staging, another for preprod, etc.)

1. Go to [Contexts for the Ministry of Justice's CircleCI organisation](https://app.circleci.com/settings/organization/github/ministryofjustice/contexts).
2. Click on "Create Context" button.
3. Name the context using the name of this project and the name of the environment: `hmpps-complexity-of-need-<environment>` e.g. `hmpps-complexity-of-need-staging`.
4. Click on "Add Environment Variable" button.
5. Add an environment variable called `KUBE_ENV_NAMESPACE` and set the value to the Kubernetes namespace for the environment e.g. `hmpps-complexity-of-need-staging`.
6. Using the command line, list the name of all the secrets within the Kubernetes namespace for the environment.
    ```bash
    kubectl get secrets -n <namespace>
    # E.g. kubectl get secrets -n hmpps-complexity-of-need-staging
    ```
7. Using the name of the CircleCI service account secret, retrieve the token for it.
    ```bash
    cloud-platform decode-secret -s <circleci-token-secret-name> -n <namespace> | jq -r '.data."token"'
    # E.g. cloud-platform decode-secret -s circleci-token-z123 -n hmpps-complexity-of-need-staging | jq -r '.data."token"'
    ```
8. Add an environment variable called `KUBE_ENV_TOKEN` and set the value to the response of the previous command.
9. Using the command-line, retrieve the CA certificate for the CircleCI service account.
    ```bash
    kubectl get secrets <circleci-token-secret-name> -n <namespace> -o json | jq -r '.data."ca.crt"'
    # E.g. kubectl get secrets circleci-token-z123 -n hmpps-complexity-of-need-staging -o json | jq -r '.data."ca.crt"'
    ```
10. Add an environment variable called `KUBE_ENV_CACERT` and set the value to the response of the previous command.
11. Repeat these steps for all of the environments required (preprod, production...), adding a new context for each one with their corresponding environment variables.

## Useful helm (v3) commands:

__Ensure you have Helm v3.x client installed:__

```sh
$ helm version
version.BuildInfo{Version:"v3.15.2", GitCommit:"1a500d5625419a524fdae4b33de351cc4f58ec35", GitTreeState:"clean", GoVersion:"go1.22.4"}
```

__Test chart template rendering:__

This will out the fully rendered kubernetes resources in raw yaml.

```sh
helm template [path to chart] --values=path/to/values-dev.yaml
```

__List releases:__

```sh
helm list -n [namespace]
```

__List current and previously installed application versions:__

```sh
helm history [release name] -n [namespace]
```

__Rollback to previous version:__

```sh
helm rollback [release name] [revision number] -n [namespace] --wait
```

Note: replace _revision number_ with one from listed in the `history` command)

__Example deploy command:__

The following example is `--dry-run` mode - which will allow for testing. CircleCI normally runs this command with actual secret values (from AWS secret manager), and also updates the chart's application version to match the release version:

```sh
helm upgrade [release name] [path to chart] \
  --install --wait --force --reset-values --timeout 5m --history-max 10 \
  --dry-run \
  --namespace [namespace] \
  --values path/to/values-staging.yaml
```

Commit message:

Tidy up circle contexts (#111)
We are removing `hmpps-complexity-of-need-staging` context and integrating their variables into the project settings ENV variables.

Additionally, `hmpps-common-vars` context is only needed in the deploy to production, so removed references where unneeded.

helm_deploy/README.md, after:

# Deployment Notes

## Configure ENV variables in CircleCI

In order to perform deploys through CircleCI, the following ENV variables must be configured.  
Usually you don't have to add them manually as there are [scripts](https://github.com/ministryofjustice/hmpps-project-bootstrap?tab=readme-ov-file#what-it-does) to do so.

This serves as a reference to have a general knowledge of what is needed in CircleCI for deploys to work.

__Common variables__

These are added in [Project Settings > Environment Variables](https://app.circleci.com/settings/project/github/ministryofjustice/hmpps-complexity-of-need/environment-variables)
and are common to any deploy environment (staging, preprod, production...). Also contains the KUBE variables of, usually,
staging (or dev) environment. This will normally be the first namespace that was created.

1. `KUBE_ENV_API` with value `https://DF366E49809688A3B16EEC29707D8C09.gr7.eu-west-2.eks.amazonaws.com`
2. `KUBE_ENV_NAME` with value `DF366E49809688A3B16EEC29707D8C09.gr7.eu-west-2.eks.amazonaws.com`
3. `QUAYIO_USERNAME`
4. `QUAYIO_PASSWORD`
5. `KUBE_ENV_NAMESPACE` (read below, this usually will be staging one)
6. `KUBE_ENV_TOKEN` (read below, this usually will be staging one)
7. `KUBE_ENV_CACERT` (read below, this usually will be staging one)

__Namespace-dependent variables__

A context needs to be created for each additional deployment envs (so one for preprod, another for production, etc.)

1. Go to [Contexts for the Ministry of Justice's CircleCI organisation](https://app.circleci.com/settings/organization/github/ministryofjustice/contexts).
2. Click on "Create Context" button.
3. Name the context using the name of this project and the name of the environment: `hmpps-complexity-of-need-<environment>` e.g. `hmpps-complexity-of-need-preprod`.
4. Click on "Add Environment Variable" button.
5. Add an environment variable called `KUBE_ENV_NAMESPACE` and set the value to the Kubernetes namespace for the environment e.g. `hmpps-complexity-of-need-preprod`.
6. Using the command line, list the name of all the secrets within the Kubernetes namespace for the environment.
    ```bash
    kubectl get secrets -n <namespace>
    # E.g. kubectl get secrets -n hmpps-complexity-of-need-preprod
    ```
7. Using the name of the CircleCI service account secret, retrieve the token for it.
    ```bash
    cloud-platform decode-secret -s <circleci-token-secret-name> -n <namespace> | jq -r '.data."token"'
    # E.g. cloud-platform decode-secret -s circleci-token-z123 -n hmpps-complexity-of-need-preprod | jq -r '.data."token"'
    ```
8. Add an environment variable called `KUBE_ENV_TOKEN` and set the value to the response of the previous command.
9. Using the command-line, retrieve the CA certificate for the CircleCI service account.
    ```bash
    kubectl get secrets <circleci-token-secret-name> -n <namespace> -o json | jq -r '.data."ca.crt"'
    # E.g. kubectl get secrets circleci-token-z123 -n hmpps-complexity-of-need-preprod -o json | jq -r '.data."ca.crt"'
    ```
10. Add an environment variable called `KUBE_ENV_CACERT` and set the value to the response of the previous command.
11. Repeat these steps for all of the environments required (preprod, production...), adding a new context for each one with their corresponding environment variables.

## Useful helm (v3) commands:

__Ensure you have Helm v3.x client installed:__

```sh
$ helm version
version.BuildInfo{Version:"v3.15.2", GitCommit:"1a500d5625419a524fdae4b33de351cc4f58ec35", GitTreeState:"clean", GoVersion:"go1.22.4"}
```

__Test chart template rendering:__

This will out the fully rendered kubernetes resources in raw yaml.

```sh
helm template [path to chart] --values=path/to/values-staging.yaml
```

__List releases:__

```sh
helm list -n [namespace]
```

__List current and previously installed application versions:__

```sh
helm history [release name] -n [namespace]
```

__Rollback to previous version:__

```sh
helm rollback [release name] [revision number] -n [namespace] --wait
```

Note: replace _revision number_ with one from listed in the `history` command)

__Example deploy command:__

The following example is `--dry-run` mode - which will allow for testing. CircleCI normally runs this command with actual secret values (from AWS secret manager), and also updates the chart's application version to match the release version:

```sh
helm upgrade [release name] [path to chart] \
  --install --wait --force --reset-values --timeout 5m --history-max 10 \
  --dry-run \
  --namespace [namespace] \
  --values path/to/values-staging.yaml
```
